It is very clear to me that I am very
Well played since I was only
not cologne naive attacks from hamburg
but by the technical error of
Model is in the ball acceptance
you can see how important the first one is
contact is what he did before at costa
have seen now at modesto the
stumbles on vacation would the ball and
as a defender, what do you want to do?
I'm not in the running duel for me
Foul because I think the model is too
If there was no one would have fallen
what would you say to your
neighbor four ranks behind you because the
now, for the most part, I would
I would agree
for me it was also out of opposition
out and even with a television picture
very questionable eleven meters
I said in the stadium itself
gave the discussion about the red
card i do not understand because of that
then only in the form of this forced last
man there must get to the red card
Unfortunately God's son is ours
double punishment but there is to
penalty
the first contact was not ideal and
then there is a little contact but
if the card for the eleven meter then
that's all very hard
It is not that much harder now
the model is not one now
I would like to play at the
let me tell you the situation immediately
Of course, everyone always wants it
There was a contact we have
seen
unfortunately the elfmeter is a joke
most modern steps on the ball
technical errors and filters
So that can happen that you like there
Does it have perception disorders than
umpire so i think that's it
the official diction to
umpire errors do what the
Things to do in the city ​​discuss what you have
I am surprised that the old team
did not connect okay were mistakes
and b is the former umpire
now dedicate yourself as an expert
Also do not say that is a clear one
mistake was a bit
settle down and so for me it is whole
clear misjudgment
and all the more bitter that it is far more influential
yes the call had gone over anyway
his
maybe that would be mine too
know exactly what was
that's for sure as fast as that
recognize the audience but that I had
for nonsense me so no one gives no
chinese results the team can now
hand back
because I contradicted that I am
very curious what the dfb will do
There are more games that lock a game
lock gives because it is wrong as
repeat offender not a gay man
or if there is said nothing
more mistakes seem that will probably
not happen because something had whole
already approved a game lock
there is no decision is a
play differently crisis not regulated what
I do not quite understand the aytekin
had then seen the pictures why
he does not just stand there and
says human I've seen wrong
the experts were all collectors
are louder than anyone in unison say
a clear eleven meters
the only cream is, however
none are again journalists and
people have to do with it so the
player and responsible but
otherwise clearly say eleven meters without
if and but there is no discussion
but she shoots it really different
Evaluate things differently than risk
judgment
We judge a course
bit out of our own game
history out that worthy
would be completely different anyway
As a referee, you often decide
enough in the case so everyone say
agreed in unison
let's just say what has said why
if aytekin anyway in front of the camera
he does not say then I have me
erred convinced that is right there
So he had to at least for
accept him
So the fourth official sit
yes after the game in the cabin comes
immediately the referee observer the
the television pictures are sitting in the stands
Looks like we'll do it immediately
play debriefing and discuss
critical scenes with the result
from everyone is then cabin
It's just as correct as setting
So you know the new role of
lewis holtby is not very clear how
Everyone has seen in the cabin
hsv-mediendirektor said there was
no referee such yet
anyone else that left entrance
is the hsv cabin right does not point
finished
if I follow the actual
run quietly